Update CONTRIBUTING.adoc (#5425)
paritytech/substrate: docs/CONTRIBUTING.adoc

  - it is an urgent fix with no large change to logic, then it may be merged after a non-author contributor has approved the review once CI is complete.

. Once a PR is ready for review please add the https://github.com/paritytech/substrate/pulls?q=is%3Apr+is%3Aopen+label%3AA0-pleasereview[`A0-pleasereview`] label. Generally PRs should sit with this label for 48 hours in order to garner feedback. It may be merged before if all relevant parties had a look at it.
. If the first review is not an approval, swap `A0-pleasereview` to any label `[A3, A7]` to indicate that the PR has received some feedback, but needs further work. For example. https://github.com/paritytech/substrate/labels/A3-inprogress[`A3-inprogress`] is a general indicator that the PR is work in progress and https://github.com/paritytech/substrate/labels/A4-gotissues[`A4-gotissues`] means that it has significant problems that need fixing. Once the work is done, change the label back to `A0-pleasereview`. You might end up swapping a few times back and forth to climb up the A label group. Once a PR is https://github.com/paritytech/substrate/labels/A8-mergeoncegreen[`A8-mergeoncegreen`], it is ready to merge. 

> . PRs must be tagget with respect to _release notes_ with https://github.com/paritytech/substrate/labels/B0-silent[`B0-silent`] and `B1-..`. The former indicates that no changes should be mentioned in any release notes. The latter indicates that the changes should be reported in the corresponding release note

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. PRs must be tagged with respect to _release notes_ with https://github.com/paritytech/substrate/labels/B0-silent[`B0-silent`] and `B1-..`. The former indicates that no changes should be mentioned in any release notes. The latter indicates that the changes should be reported in the corresponding release note
```

=== Updating Polkadot as well

**All pull requests will be checked agains either Polkadot master, or your provided Polkadot companion PR**. That is, If your PR changes the external APIs or interfaces used by Polkadot. If you tagged the PR with `breaksapi` or `breaksconsensus` this is most certainly the case, in all other cases check for it by running step 1 below.

To create a Polkadot companion PR:

. Pull latest Polkadot master (or clone it, if you haven't yet).

> . Override your local cargo config to point to your local substrate (pointing to your WIP branch): place `paths = ["/Users/you/workdir/blah/substrate"]` in `~/.cargo/config`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Override your local cargo config to point to your local substrate (pointing to your WIP branch): place `paths = ["path/to/substrate"]` in `~/.cargo/config`.
```
